Lesson_2.04_solution_activity_2.
Some of the advantages of relational databases over file or spreadsheet data storage are mentioned below:

Simple data storage model: The structure in which data is stored in a relational database is simple, with information stored in tables that are linked to each other. There is no hierarchy in the tables.
No data redundancy / Normalized tables: Data is stored just once, eliminating data duplication. This is accomplished with the use of primary and foreign keys. (we will discuss this in the later lessons).
Large amounts of data can be stored in databases as compared to spreadsheets.
Standardized Language: There are tools that can be used by relational databases for querying large amounts of data, quickly and reliably. SQL provides a uniform platform worldwide to all its users. A large amount of data is retrieved quickly and efficiently. Operations, like insert, delete, manipulation of data are also done in almost no time.

Lesson_2.04_solution_activity_3.
Some of the questions that can be answered using the information available in the database are:

Using the district table, we can find which are the geographic locations where the customers are from
Using the loan table, we can find the customers who are defaulters and who are not (using the status column); find debts on various customers (amounts-payments); categorize customers based on the payments made (for eg., customers who have paid a specific percentage of the borrowed amount or not)
Using the cards table, we can find the customers who have been using card services for a certain amount of time (note among these, the customers who are not defaulters can be offered other services with less risk)
Other analyses that we can conduct include checking most profitable customers, most active customers, customer risk analysis, and card fraud analyses


Lesson_2.04_solution_activity_4.
-- 1
select "Hello World";

-- 2
select 1+2;

-- 3
select distinct type from bank.card;

-- 4
select A2 as district_name from bank.district;

-- 5
select distinct A2 as district_name, A3 as regrion_name
from district
order by A2 asc
limit 30;